<!-- TITLE: Maybe Art is the 6. Sense of us which we have not learn to use as message transfer -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of Art Communication -->we should start to learn and use the power of the communication by using art. A good art is deliver a very complex messages to different users as almost same. So if we can tell a hours long story in seconds with art piece, we should be using this extremely fast communication method to transfer informations and experiences to the students too. Normally reading and learning about 10 books takes 6 months of medical researches. But if there would be an paint or a complex but professionally combined art which is a combination of those 10 book content in another way (even without words) would save my 6 month. I imagine that there is 10 art piece which is created for same purpose but different meanings.. Anyone who has the capacity and skill to be a doctor would be able to learn 6 years informations in maybe 2 minute. I am just trying to see art in new eyes. I remember most known art pieces in the world is always one of the has strongest and deep stories. 


# Header How the art communicates faster as %6000 of any of communication methods we have.


# Talk
Regex says: This website lacks a talk system as far as I can tell, so I'm adding this section to note my thoughts. Art is like encryption, but for emotion. It can communicate complex feelings effectively because we know how to decode them. I don't believe complex technical information can be communicated in this way - just feelings. Most useful technical information requires practice, and so you're never going to communicate years in minutes. Neurons just don't work like that. They need to be repeatedly strengthened and trained to model highly specific situations accurately. 